Migrate BUSCO to nf-core module (#730)
nf-core/mag: CHANGELOG.md

### `Added`

- [#784](https://github.com/nf-core/mag/pull/784) - Added `--bin_min_size` and `--bin_max_size` parameters to filter out bins based on size (requested by @maxibor, @alexhbnr, added by @jfy133, @prototaxites).

> - [#730](https://github.com/nf-core/mag/pull/730) - Added `--busco_db_lineage` to provide a lineage for BUSCO database and `--busco_force_offline` to force offline mode (added by @dialvarezs, @jfy133).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#730](https://github.com/nf-core/mag/pull/730) - Added `--busco_db_lineage` to allow specifying a specific lineage for BUSCO database and `--busco_force_offline` to force offline mode (added by @dialvarezs, @jfy133).
```
